I mean, the clock is ticking.
Feeling anything kicking,
Kiki and I have had
a lot of time together,
and we laugh constantly
and it's awesome.
Like, we just sit there
and seem to have
the same sense of humor,
so...
- Kiki. Nice to meet you.
- Hi. I'm Grant.
Nice to meet you.
Want to do a photo?
Yeah, let's do it.
Tapping that ass already.
You just got here.
- Yeah, it's comfortable.
Clearly, you've got
something brewing.
I would definitely advise, you
know, focus on that and see --
Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
How about you, Joel?
You know, Stephanie's been
the most intriguing to me.
I think we got some nice
similarities.
Like, I think we're both
kind of very young at heart.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
I'm definitely
super monogamous.
And I really, really dig Deneia,
you know?
Like, when I first walked
through that door
on the first day,
you know,
Deneia caught my eye,
and I was like,
yeah, I know where my focus
is gonna be.
You know, just something
about her,
and then getting
to know her, you know?
The tough calls
we gotta make at this point.
If nothing else, Joel,
coffee is for closers.
We got the coffee.
We just need the closers now.
Legal studies and business
are like --
Oh, shit.
To be continued.
- Ah!
- Meddle time.
- Meddle time!
- Oh!
- Ooh!
- Ooh, Carlie!
- Ooh. Okay.
- Ooh!
- That'll be fun.
- That'll be nice.
Which mom do you choose?
I would like my dad to go
on a date with Trish today.
- Oh, yay!
- Yes. So excited.
- Uh-oh.
- Oh, crap.
- Oh.
- Oh, no.
"Instead of walking, you must
dance everywhere today."
- Oh, my. That's pretty good.
Stop! Bro, I cannot dance!
You gotta go press --
you gotta go press the screen.
Only for my dad, y'all.
Like, literally nobody else.
- Got her!
- Wait. Really?
- Dance!
- You gotta dance!
Oh, shoot, okay.
Patricia is not
typically the type
my dad would go for physically
because, like,
I've never seen my dad
with the blondes or, like,
a blue-eyed lady,
but I'm really interested
to see how things go.
Yes.
- Oh!
- Meddle time!
- Two in a row.
- Another one.
Ooh.
"Brooks, give your dad
two squirt guns
the use with the mom
of your choice."
- Ooh. Wow.
- That's fun.
Um, I'm gonna go with
Brennen's mom.
Brennen's mom is named
Stephanie.
My dad's ex-wife, my mom's, name
is Stephanie.
Yeah, that's a fun date,
yeah.
- But!
- Oh.
"You must be a butler for the
day for the kid..."
- Yes! The answer is yes.
- Oh.
I don't mind, you know?
Yes, I wish to proceed.
All right.
I thought Stephanie
would be a good pick for my dad
because it seemed like, of some
of the people in the house,
they both weren't really
connecting with anyone.
They seemed to like
a lot of the same things.
I know my dad's really into
music, and she's a performer.
So I thought that, you know,
probably was a good idea.
Uh, Mr. Brooks?
Actually, could I get
a candy, please?
Yeah, sure.
Brennen:
Brooks picks my mom for a date,
and because of that, he gets
to be my butler for a day.
I think I'm gonna call him
"Mr. Brooks."
- Thank you.
- Oh, that is -- that's classy.
Appreciate it.
- Want to go here?
- Yeah.
- There we go.
- Perfect. Thank you.
- You betcha.
- Oh, my God!
Ah!
- How about to cheers?
- How about -- yes.
- Yeah.
- To new friendship.
- New friendships.
- See what happens, yes.
And a wonderful time.
Yes, indeed.
Ah! He's so cute!
Look at his first
little date!
Ah!
So what made you check into
the Second Chance Retreat?
My oldest had graduated
from college.
My youngest just graduated
from high school.
And, like, the whole life just
sort of shifted life events.
And so when the opportunity
came, I was just like,
"This is, like,
the coolest thing ever."
You can meet somebody
and, like, a life partner.
Yeah, yeah.
My dad sounds
a little serious.
Like, he's like --
I don't know if he's nervous,
but, like, you can tell, like,
he's not like fully, like...
Yes! Yes, exactly.
Yeah.
Sense of humor
is absolutely crucial.
Loving heart --
absolutely crucial.
Someone who loves their kids
and loves family --
absolutely crucial.
That's exactly me.
You know, I'm just looking
for friendship, life partner,
someone that I can
share my life with...
...because
I'm all into family.
So it just keeps re-creating
family, that love, that bond.
I feel like that's kind of
what he's looking for.
Like, since the divorce, we've
really had a broken family...
...like, small holidays,
small -- like, no gatherings.
Everything he's saying,
Mom's exactly the same way back.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I definitely think there is
a connection with Mom and Grant.
They're smiling ear to ear.
I just feel like this date
is going really, really well.
And this is the most
I've actually seen her smile
this whole entire time.
You had me as soon as
you got out the cake.
Exactly, yeah.
I was like,
"Happy birthday to Trish,"
declared it out.
Trish is a absolute hoot.
We are dying laughing,
and I love a woman
who makes me laugh.
There's just a vibe about her
that you want to be around her.
I'm very excited to build
on this and see where it goes.
Can we have our own...
- Meddle activated!
Oh, my gosh!
- That is so funny.
- That's great.
- There they are.
- There's the floaties.
Ah!
- Hello.
- All right.
- Hi.
- Hi!
Hi. I'm Nicole.
I'm covering for Jimmy today.
- Hi, Trish.
- How are you?
I'm good. All right.
Grant, this is for you.
- Uh-oh.
- Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
And, Grant,
this is also for you.
- Uh-oh!
Good Lord, have mercy.
"Grant, get ready for some
daytime fun.
Please join Patricia
for some one-on-one time
in this floatie for two."
- Ow!
- All right.
- Yeah!
- Floatie for two.
This will be fun.
This is a blooper.
- Yeah. You going first.
- Yeah.
- You ready?
- Hold it tight.
- Holy crap.
I'm going in. I know exactly
what's gonna happen.
- I'm more out.
- Ready?
Oh, shit. Ugh!
Oh. Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
- Oh, no.
- Don't fall.
- Ah!
- No! Don't tip!
You can do it!
You think
they're gonna fall off?
Yes, 100%.
Can somebody save them?
Can somebody?
- Yes!
- Ahhhh!
- Okay!
- This is so -- okay.
Oh, here we go.
You paddle with your --
use your left hand.
There we go.
We're coming down there.
We're coming down there!
I don't reach.
Grant is fitting in perfect.
He's funny.
He seems just family-oriented.
We have a lot in common.
We start joking with each other.
I think he's a good-looking man
and personality comes out,
which makes him even
better-looking for me.
We're making no progress.
Look at this.
My man is here on the show.
I think he is.
Let me get you close.
Whoa!
Yay! We made it!
Nailed the dismount.
I really like your mom.
Your dad's freaking amazing.
He's so sweet.
They both deserve love.
Like, that's what I love
about all of this.
There you are, kind sir.
Ah, wonderful.
Thank you, Mr. Brooks.
Yes, yes, of course.
Am I doing this right? Is this
supposed to be on this --
all this on the same arm?
No, it's great.
Perfect. Perfect.
Awesome.
- Oh, meddle activated.
- Meddle activated.
Oh, hey, everyone.
You all look gorgeous.
- Jimmy's been fired.
- No, he's taking a day off.
Oh! He can have a day off.
- What happened to Jimmy?
- I don't know.
Taking the day off.
"Joel, feel like a kid again
with these squirt guns
for an innocent encounter
with Stephanie."
- Ah!
- Oh!
We've got
the hydro blaster.
So look at this?
You just put it in.
- That.
- And you go like this.
Like that.
There's Stephanie. There.
Immediately not awkward.
Yeah.
Ah! Aah!
That's my dad right there.
Yo!
Hit me with your best shot!
Ah!
So what do you think so far?
You think, like, they got
a little vibe going on?
'cause it's like,
you know,
I haven't really seen him,
like, act like this
since I was like a kid,
you know?
Yeah, 'cause, like, he can be
pretty serious at times.
- He's having fun.
- Yeah, he's just having fun.
I don't know.
I don't really think
they were a match
for metal mama.
Uh, right.
I like how they're both
kicking around and swinging.
You have a good idea
of what you're looking for,
you know, as far as a guy?
Yes, it's been extended,
I think, a little longer
because I had to raise my kids
pretty much by myself
for like 10 years,
so that was my first priority.
And also developing myself,
being married really young.
You know, being a wife at 18,
it was --
Well, but that's
what's interesting,
because you got married at 18,
so you never even had
the dating phase of life.
No, 'cause I just skipped
from being a teenager
to being a mother,
so the entire middle
that everybody gets to do,
I completely
never did until after I was
divorced at 35.
You must have, when you first
got divorced, had to have been,
like, "Okay."
Yeah, exactly.
Something I am noticing,
though, is my dad is, like --
you see there? He's, like,
kicking around a lot.
He's probably excited.
And instead of,
like, being overly
like, you know,
overbearing kind of,
he's just kind of, like,
swinging around
a little bit,
he's having a little fun,
'cause that's --
Yeah.
I do know what I want
at this point in my life --
somebody who is confident.
I would date
a lot of very passive men.
Like, they wouldn't even
tell me no.
Some women love that.
I just want somebody to say,
"Oh, no, no, no," you know?
- That's enough.
- Yeah.
They're -- I think they're
very compatible, actually.
What kind of women
do you like?
A woman who is confident,
who's, you know, a go-getter,
hustler, strong,
but yet still
has their caretaking...
Yes, nurturer
...nurturing side,
the nurture side.
Joel -- I notice
he's pretty direct, you know,
is pretty much no bullshit.
And I'm very attracted
to the personality.
Our conversation -- it actually
made me feel closer to him.
He's somebody that I'd like
to get to know better.
So good job, Joel.
Oop, there go
Troy and Karen
on the little love float.
- They are chilling.
- They're cute, guys.
They are cute together.
Oh, wow.
It just is, like,
red flags for me.
Like a man.
Not -- not -- not --
not a kid.
Mm-hmm. Totally.
What do you think
your dream house looks like?
- My dream house?
- Mm-hmm. Your forever home.
Dude, they're both thinking
this is forever.
I don't have
a forever home in my head yet...
...because I don't have
my forever person,
and that's something
to discuss together.
But I do want a condo
in Puerto Rico,
but there's a different story of
when you're already married
and you guys
are building something.
Yeah, I don't have
any problem with
moving forward together
with our finances.
Why are they talking about
finances together?
That's how
you solidify a thing.
- Wait.
- Hold on.
- How's the money gonna work?
- What?
- Yeah.
That's what I want.
That's why I want to get married
and I'm not looking
to get divorced again.
Exactly.
Oh, I'm getting divorced again.
I'm gonna be...
My husband's gonna bury me,
or I'm gonna be a widow.
I am like, "Sit down.
You're working this out
right now.
We are working this out."
I'm not going
through that again.
The connection with Troy
is absolutely wonderful.
We're just talking about
so many wonderful things
and making future plans.
That's actually, right now,
appealing to me.
That's what I want in life.
Anyways, I like this.
This is nice.
This is really just
a wonderful day.
It is.
Well, you asked me about
long-distance relationships.
Uh-huh.
I don't know
how I feel about them.
I haven't had one,
really.
- I'm willing to try.
- Okay, cool.
We'll make it work,
and then we'll figure out
things.
Time to dance my way
downstairs.
Dance.
Go, go, go. Yes!
Oh, we got a little shake.
Mr. Brooks.
Can you get me
some snacks?
Yeah, I'll take
a couple waters,
and then can we get
some chips?
You got it.
I love it!
I'm dying.
I hate this.
This is not fun at all.
- Wow, you did good.
- Yes!
- Thank you, Mr. Brooke.
- You've earned a raise.
- Just take one.
- Oh, yes.
Oh, thank you.
And one day he became
one of our district managers.
One day we were having
a managers meeting,
and we were talking about
giving people feedback.
We're in trouble.
Yes, you can.
I will put a cover-up on.
Hold that thought, Troy.
Goodbye, Karen.
Mm-hmm.
- Hi.
Okay.
Oh, wow, okay.
Yeah. Okay.
Okay.
Okay, Breana -- what is
gonna happen with her?
Okay.
Some personal issues
came up for me,
and I have to leave
the Second Chance Retreat.
It is a bit upsetting,
and it's a little heartbreaking
'cause I started to have
that connection with Troy.
I can just hope the future holds
something for us,
but I-I don't know.
Yeah.
Karen has just left
the Second Chance Retreat.
And obviously,
that impacts me a lot.
We certainly made
a great connection.
And I'm actually
not sure what to do.
Yeah.
My heart is, like,
falling into my stomach,
I obviously didn't see
this one coming.
Yeah.
- Hi, guys.
- What up, Bre?
This is, like,
such the hardest,
butt I have to go.
It's just -- it's just --
the best for me and my family
right now.
- Are you okay?
- I will be.
I just want to
let you know, like,
I'm really gonna, like,
miss all of you,
and, like, you guys
are with family now and...
- Hug it out?
- Oh.
I just want Troy and Noah
to know
that this has nothing
to do with them,
that they're
the most amazing people.
Troy is the most amazing man,
and maybe him and my mom
could reconnect and continue it.
This fucking sucks.
Yeah, this fucking sucks.
I'm really happy I came.
I definitely learned
a little too much
than I wanted to know
about my mom.
I love you all.
- We love you, too.
- It's gonna be okay.
I love you, Bre.
This just showed me that there
is love for people out there,
not only in relationships,
but also in friendships
and family.
- Bye!
- I'll miss your naps.
- I love you.
I love you.
That sucks!
I don't feel great
that Bre had to leave
on such short notice,
but my eyes were opened
a little bit.
Right now, I know I definitely
have the courage to say
how I feel about Alex.
I mean, like the first night
we had a guy talk,
they asked if we thought
any of you girls were cute.
You and I said
you were my type
and I thought
you were pretty cute.
Aw.
I don't like to admit it,
but I feel a really
strong connection
between Noah and myself.
Alex, I really care
about you.
like, a lot.
Aw.
Like, more than
I probably should.
Hello, hello.
Are you there?
- Oh, hi.
- Hi.
Please. I'm sorry.
So, Trish and I -- we had
a lot of fun on our date.
I can see she and I being
friends for a very long time,
but Kiki and I have spent
some time together,
and we seem to have
a really good relationship
and laugh a lot,
so I'm not shying away.
I did not come here to go
sit in a corner.
I'm here to close the game,
and I'm gonna do it.
I was so
in a meditative state.
Oh, my goodness.
Our parents!
Carlie, where are you?
It's happening.
I'm coming.
Family is something
that's very important
to me as well.
And what do you look for?
A big heart
and sense of humor.
And, of course,
a good sense of humor,
'cause I like to have fun.
- Yeah.
- Like, I enjoy laughing.
I enjoy being goofy,
and I want to do that
without judgment, you know?
Well, we will
get along just fine.
No judgment, yeah.
No judgment, no judgment.
He looks so engaged.
I --
Like, have you ever been
in a relationship
or looked to build
a relationship
with someone
long-distance before?
'Cause I know
that I haven't.
Long-distance relationships --
I've had a couple, yes.
It almost forces you --
well, it does force you --
to become friends first,
and that's powerful.
That's where
everything hits,
is that level
of friendship.
- He seems so comfortable.
- Really, yeah.
One of the things I want to know
from you is,
have you ever dated
outside your race?
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
What are you...
No, no, no, no, no.
No, that's just funny.
No, well, my kids are mixed.
- Okay.
- So, yes, yeah.
Their mother is Black,
so, yes.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Oh, my gosh!
I love that.
And I wasn't laughing
at the question.
I was just kind of laughing
because it's like, well, yeah.
You were like, been there,
done that.
Yeah.
And have children to prove it,
right.
Yeah, not an issue.
Not an issue at all, yeah.
Oh, my --
they're adorable!
I love this!
I love is for them.
You get up on stage
and you're just tearing it up
and just releasing
all this stuff.
When you said, "tearing it up"
and you held your hand
like, with a mic, so...
Kind of holding the steal
right there.
Oh, so you --
do you rap a little bit?
- I did. I did. Yes.
- Ah!
Yeah, yeah.
You want to do a little
freestyle?
I mean, well,
it's not freestyle.
I have something already.
- Oh, my God.
- I hope she doesn't make him.
First of all, I don't --
We gotta hear them both.
So if she does,
wouldn't that be cool?
Yes!
What's my name?
Kiki Malone.
Undiscovered talents
and now I been told.
Been spittin'
since 12 years old.
DMX when I'm vexin'.
Lil' Kim when I wanna
throw a hex...
Oh, you know this?
Hey!
I'm a lyricist,
so serious.
Make you stand up,
take notice, period.
Everything I spit's
more fire.
And like a streetcar,
I desire
to be the best emcee
in the game,
not for the money,
the love, or the fame.
I'm on a roll, boo,
don't stop me now.
Don't stop me now.
There's a new sheriff --
sheriff in town,
and it's about to go down.
Both:
And it's about to go down,
and it's about to go down!
- Nice! That's nice.
- Yeah.
I'm never gonna remember
that much.
Oh, my poor dad.
He's sweating right now.
I don't even know.
I mean, it's been so long
since I've done it,
but I'll...
Let me think what I got.
I'm nervous. Oh, my God.
I don't want to see this.
Oh, my God. It's all right.
It's all right.
Oh, there's so many
I used to have.
Just -- okay.
With a one, two,
I set it off with a new swing.
Now in '21 I explode
as a new thing...
No!
smackin' the whack stuff
and damn, it gets ludicrous!
But something
don't seem right to me.
How'd that soft-punk white kid,
they call me me a wannabe.
Oh.
wearing starter jackets
and the baggy-ass jeans.
Oh, my God!
I don't fuck around, B,
I come with the real shit.
- Okay! With the real shit.
- Exactly.
- Oh, my God.
- I love the passion!
It's okay, it's okay.
We're in this together.
I don't think he's met anyone
who at least can, like,
tap into that side of him.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I-I do definitely enjoy,
like, talking to you,
and I can feel, like, this
energy and synergy between us.
- Absolutely, yeah.
- That feels nice. Yeah.
Well, this has been awesome.
This has been so good.
- Yeah, I enjoyed that.
- So let's do it again.
- Let's do it.
- All right. Great. All right.
Grant is a little bit goofy
and fun,
and that actually fills me
with joy.
This is gonna be a good time.
Seeing her with your
father made me really happy.
Carlie:
Well, I love to hear that.
Coming in,
I was nervous
'cause it's like,
is it possible?
Like, I would like
for it to be possible
and I, like,
was rooting for it.
But to actually see it
start to happen
is kind of like,
oh, my God!
- Exactly. And so organic.
- Yes.
Like, he came
at the perfect time.
Maybe we will be
stepsisters!
Bro.
Stephanie:
Karen leaving --
I mean, I feel bad when
stuff like this happens.
and, you know,
it's like --
- Well, hello, hello, hello.
- Hello!
Hey!
Nice to see everyone.
- Hi.
- Good to see you.
All right, well, today we have
a special retreat
releasing ritual planned.
- Ooh!
- Yeah.
And we have a change of clothing
for this activity,
so if you wouldn't mind
getting changed
and meeting our guide
outside.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- All right.
- You can get up now.
- Okay.
- Whoa!
- Oh, hey.
Check this out, all right?
Meddle time.
"Today you can communicate
a one-word message
to your parents in the form of
a sentiment stone."
- What?
- Nice.
"You must each now
select one word
to guide your parents
on their journey to find love
in the Second Chance Retreat.
You will receive
a sacrifice save for this."
So we're not gonna lose --
we're not losing anything.
Yes!
My dad is coming
into this house brand-new,
no bonds already formed.
He's just thrown in there.
I'm gonna go with "Create"
because I want my dad
to create opportunities
with someone in the retreat.
I'm gonna go with "Pounce,"
just to, you know,
show some initiative.
I think I'm going to go with
"Breathe."
I want her to just have fun
and just
exhale and take a breath
and enjoy this journey.
Hello, and welcome.
Thank you for being here.
My name is Shaman Mundo,
and I'll be conducting
today's releasing ceremony.
- A shaman?
- They're releasing?
Oh God, I hope this
doesn't get super emotional.
- I know.
- I feel like it might.
You may be asking yourself,
what is a shaman
and what is
a releasing ceremony?
A releasing ceremony is gonna be
an opportunity
for me to create sacred space,
for us to have
a vulnerable conversation.
And then when we're open
in that space,
it's gonna allow
healing energies of the world
to heal you
on a subconscious level.
So whoever is holding this
has the floor,
and they're free to speak
until they feel
that they've been heard.
They look adorable
in those outfits.
- I'm liking the fit.
- Yeah. It's a look.
Shaman Mundo:
What about, at this retreat --
how have you experienced love
at this retreat?
For me, it's been
kind of comforting that
I think I've been on the right
track with many things.
You know, the way I do it
for others,
with, like, my kids and stuff,
I'm looking for that
to come back from somebody.
You know, and I started to
feel that a little bit
with someone here
who's not here now.
And that felt comforting
and validating and special.
It's nice to hear that you've
had that kind of
romantic relationship,
or spark, in this cocoon.
Look at you.
You're smiling.
And it's that glimpse of hope
that there's people out there
that speak what you speak
and know what you know
and feel what you feel.
I do hope my dad gets
another opportunity with Karen
because I think that there was
definitely a connection.
I think he's probably just
counting the seconds
till he sees her again.
- Meddle time!
- What?
- Are you shitting me right now?
Oh, shit.
It's the stones.
I didn't know he was gonna
give them to them.
'Cause then it doesn't
even seem like we said it.
It seems like the spirits
are really...
Yes, they're speaking.
- That's actually dope as hell.
- That was a great idea.
What might keep
you grounded and centered
when you feel like you're lost
is gonna be
an earth element of stone.
I've given energetic reiki to
the gift that's in this basket.
So I would like each of you
to stand up and grab the stone
with your name on it,
go back to your seat,
and just hold it
and meditate on the word.
Oh, my God.
Kiki?
My stone says "Breathe,"
and the other day,
I was really feeling
overwhelmed with emotion,
and a good friend of mine
told me before I came here,
"Just remember to breathe,"
because my tendency is that
I get so filled with emotion,
sometimes the fear overtakes me.
Destiny:
Since the first day she came in,
I could tell my mom
was wound up.
She wasn't fully being herself
or having fun
and really enjoying
this experience,
and I wanted her
to just take a beat.
Breathing gets me back
to center.
This is my grounding tool.
You know,
most people would think
this is me,
that I'm a proud person.
I've succeeded with having
my masculine energy
and my feminine energy,
which is my soft side,
never gets to come out.
So I look at this "Proud"
and say,
I have to be proud
of my soft side,
my feminine energy.
Yeah, she got the message.
They're changing in here.
The shit my mom just said,
I've never heard her say before,
And she probably wouldn't have
said that unless for this.
Well, I have "Chance"
on my stone.
I also have Vegas
on my bucket list,
so, you know, I'm a little
confused by this one.
You know, for me,
I think it's --
you know, take a chance,
take a chance and break
out of my self-imposed prison
created by fear
and take a chance on love,
you know,
because I do deserve it.
Mm-hmm.
- I love your dad, Alex.
- He's so sweet.
He has a lot of love to give.
He really is such a good man.
But he's too hard on himself,
so I'm glad --
it seems like he's really,
like, used this,
like, to let go
and forgive himself.
Yeah, yeah.
- Hmm.
- "Time."
I know that he's feeling
pretty down
about the whole Karen situation,
and my idea when I
put "Time" on that rock is,
you know, it just --
it takes time,
and things can't be rushed.
But, you know, it'll work out.
I think that this goes beyond
just taking the time for myself.
This probably speaks to
what I'll do leaving here,
what I've learned,
and maybe just,
you know, making time
for someone else.
Time.
Time is of the essence.
I think with mine,
it's, um...
I don't think
I've ever really thought
I'm a strong woman.
I know that I go every day
and do my --
what I'm supposed to do,
be that independent mom
and work,
and do the things.
And I guess
I just never realized, like,
I am -- I am strong.
You are, Mom.
I think it's
very important for my mom
to realize how strong
she is as a woman
and how much she's always
deserved to be loved
and to get that confidence back
and believe in herself
and believe that there's
an amazing person out there.
I mean, to go through
what I've been through, and...
So I-I love my rock.
"I love my rock."
Aw!
Okay, so I'm confused
by mine.
Confused?
Yes. "Caution."
Ooh, caution. Nice.
I chose "Caution"
because I feel like
she is moving a little too fast,
and I feel like she might need
to just slow down a little bit,
take her time.
Caution, in
my opinion, is circumstantial.
Okay.
Caution is just having
the situational awareness
to know when to step on the gas
and when to step on the brake.
Oh, well, come on.
I hear you.
- That was clean.
- That was smooth as shit.
Yeah, I'm fired up
about mine.
Mine says "Create,"
which is what I do.
I mean, that's what I do.
I create for, you know --
things for people to help
their businesses or whatever.
So this is awesome.
And now that I'm only accepting
positive energy,
I'm fired up, man, like
a racehorse in the gates, man.
Let's get going.
Let's open the gates, baby.
That's how he was supposed
to take it,
not business, but...
You know what?
You made him happy.
Yeah.
So my rock word
is "Pounce."
- Ooh!
- Oh, that's good.
- That's good.
- Yeah, yeah.
That one was -- I don't know
if they were thinking,
like, my thoughts,
but, you know,
in the area of love,
I don't pounce.
- Ah!
- Oh.
I am much more pensive
and rational, and I delay,
and I create roadblocks,
as I said, and I sabotage,
whereas many other parts
of my life,
it's more about pouncing,
- Oh, he got it.
- Oh. Boom!
He's like, other parts of
his life, he does pounce...
Yeah, he's had a lot of success
when he does that.
- He got it.
- So, okay, boom!
- There you go. Good job, Brooks.
- Fuck yes!
I hit the nail right on the head
with that one.
So my rock word is "Urgency."
- Urgency.
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah, and the first thing that
popped in my mind was that song,
He's so old.
He's so...
I-I don't know. Maybe you can
help me a little bit with it.
- The time is now.
- Right.
I'm a person of destiny.
There's zero mistake
of why you're here.
So I'm thinking about
where I am right now
in relation to, you know,
the women that are here now.
But I'm not sensing
any romantic feelings,
and we still have time,
and I'm hopeful
that the opportunity
is still there for me.
- That's what...
- Homeboy drives it home, dude.
It's almost like he's reading us
through the screen.
- Right?
And so thank you.
I'm honored that you guys shared
and helped -- and grew with me
in this place.
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- I'm so proud.
- I just wonder how much of this
they're actually gonna,
like, retain
and try to implement in their,
like, day-to-day lives.
- I think they really will.
- I think.
'Cause this is
a very unique experience,
and I think
it will be retained.
- Yeah.
- It really was.
That concludes the ceremony.
What questions do you have?
When can I see you again?
Where are you at, brother?
I'm coming to find you,
'cause I got time, man.
Troy:
So I got a letter from Karen,
and going through
a lot of emotions.
"Troy, just as we were
starting to get close,
life throws us a curve ball.
I have to leave
for personal reasons.
I hope for us to get together
and continue
to explore our connection
and see what the future
holds for us.
I leave you with my heart.
Love, K."
I am sad and angry
and frustrated and confused,
and, you know, a lot of --
a lot of mixed emotions.
- Hey, guys.
- Hi!
Hey!
I just want to
tell you guys something.
- Nothing bad, I hope.
- Yeah.
- Come on.
I mean, it's no secret that
Karen and I had a connection.
And so her not being here,
doesn't, uh, make much sense
for me to stick around.